Add English documentation with styling guide and enhance README (#172)
WeihanLi/WeihanLi.Npoi: README.md

### Samples

- [.NET Core Sample](https://github.com/WeihanLi/WeihanLi.Npoi/blob/dev/samples/DotNetCoreSample/Program.cs)
- [More Samples in Unit Tests](https://github.com/WeihanLi/WeihanLi.Npoi/blob/dev/test/WeihanLi.Npoi.Test/ExcelTest.cs)
- [Guide Posts](https://weihanli.github.io/WeihanLi.Npoi/articles/intro.html)

### Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

1. Fork the repository
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

### Acknowledgements

- Thanks to all the [contributors](https://github.com/WeihanLi/WeihanLi.Npoi/graphs/contributors) and users of this project
- Thanks to [NPOI](https://github.com/tonyqus/npoi) for the excellent Excel library
- Thanks to [FluentExcel](https://github.com/Arch/FluentExcel/) for the FluentAPI inspiration
- Thanks to JetBrains for the free Rider license

### License

> This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project is licensed under the Apache License 2.0 - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
```
